---
lang: en
title: "FLDGEO (3D)"
---

# FLDGEO

|  (Object data -3D)  
---|---  
|  Last updated on : 13-08-2013  
  
* * *

FLDGEO Object, Gtype, Npoints, Npoly

Point(1), X(1), Y(1), Z(1)

: : : :

Point(Npoints), X(Npoints), Y(Npoints), Z(Npoints)

Poly(1), Point1(1), Point2(1), Point3(1), Point4(1)

: : : : :

Poly(Npoly), Point1(Npoly), Point2(Npoly), Point3(Npoly), Point4(Npoly)

* * *

OPERAND |  DESCRIPTION |  DEFAULT  
---|---|---  
Object |  Object number |  None  
Gtype |  Geometry type = **1** Polygon description |  None  
Npoints |  Number of points used in the geometry |  None  
Npoly |  Number of elements describing the geometry |  None  
Point(i) |  Point number of ith data point |  None  
X(i) |  X coordinate of ith data point |  None  
Y(i) |  Y coordinate of ith data point  |  None  
Z(i) |  Z coordinate of ith data point |  None  
Poly(i) |  Connectivity of ith polygon |  None  
Point1(i) |  1st point of ith polygon |  None  
Point2(i) |  2nd point of ith polygon |  None  
Point3(i) |  3rd point of ith polygon |  None  
Point4(i) |  4th point of ith polygon |  None  
  
DEFINITION  
---  
FLDGEO specifies the fold geometry of an object.  
  
REMARKS  
---  
FLDGEO will be generated by automatic mesh generation when there is a fold in the object during re-meshing time. FLDGEO information is described by a list of points and the connectivity of those points by three or four node polygons. Gtype will be set to 1 always, which is Polygon description.  Npoints is the number of points in the list which are used in the objects definition. This is followed by a list of 1 to Npoints of X, Y, and Z coordinates for each point. Npoly is the number of polygons which make up the object’s geometry. Following the listing of points is a listing of all polygons defining the object’s surface. For three node polygons, the Point4(i) will be a repeat of Point1(i). The format of FLDGEO is compatible with FLDGEO format. Applicable object types: [Plastic](../../pre_processor/11_general_object_data_definition/11_general_object_data_definition.htm#11.4.1_Plastic), [Elastoplastic](../../pre_processor/11_general_object_data_definition/11_general_object_data_definition.htm#11.4.3._Elasto-plastic), [Porous](../../pre_processor/11_general_object_data_definition/11_general_object_data_definition.htm#11.4.4._Porous)  
  
RELATED TOPICS  
---  
[Mesh data](/docs/en/pre_processor/13_mesh_generation/13_mesh_generation/)
